so if you go see Coco you first gotta
sit through a frozen short that comes
before it which is like longer than the
movie itself but it's actually pretty
cool
you follow Olaf trying to figure out a
non-religious non-offending gluten-free
winter tradition for Anna and Elsa since
they never had one growing up he then
realizes of course that he himself is
their tradition since they always tried
to build a snowman and of course it's
all done in a musical so before we get
into the movie the animators come out in
this little clip and remind you how hard
it was to animate this movie so like
shut your kids up and pay attention
we got a mariachi Disney intro and then
we get some 2d background stuff telling
us about Miguel's great-great grandma
whose husband dipped out on them in
order to become a musician she however
is an independent Mexican woman so she
raises her daughter on her own starts a
huarache a finish line with her shoe
making skills vows to never allow music
in her family and just moves on now her
daughter's name is Coco which is the
name of the movie sheba gets Miguel's I
will eat da who runs the entire family
as Coco pulls an actor in the background
and she also forbids music now in
Mexican tradition the Day of the Dead is
the one day that that can come back and
see their loved ones like a reverse
Halloween town
this can only happen however if the
living family leaves your picture on
their little sanctuary in order to
remember you even deeper than that is
that if they forget to do that hopefully
you're still in their mind because once
no one even thinks about you anymore in
the real world you'll just cease to
exist and die again after you've already
died once of course I would say that the
solution to that is to just make random
youtube videos that way people will
stumble upon them and your memory will
live on however let's focus on Miguel
because this kid loves music when he's
not supposed to his family won't let him
follow that passion so he does what
every Pixar character does in the
scenario they run away he takes his old
family photo and even though his great
great abuelo is cut out of it he
recognizes the guitar as the exact same
one that his idol uses who's practically
a cartoon version of Vicente Fernandez
thinking that he's the grandson of this
person and thinking that he has
musical genes in his one ashes he goes
to go steal della cruises guitar from
his sanctuary he Mexican
this causes the Pixar writers to have
the perfect segue into the magical
second half where he enters the world of
the dead and meets all of his family
members that he never got to meet even
in the afterlife though Mexicans have to
deal with customs and borders and since
Miguel has the picture of his
great-great abuela
she has no way to cross and thus she has
to go and visit her and hopefully get
her blessing to come back because while
he's in this world he has till sunrise
or else he disappears the problem though
is that his great-great grand was
willing to give him the blessing but
since she hates music so much that's her
one condition in order for him to go
back and he goes no manchas he says Pass
and sets out to find his famous grandpa
instead to get his blessing when he
comes across another dude who was
actually de la Cruz's bandmates named
Hector he's being forgotten in the real
world so they make a deal to help out
each other and they set off on an
adventure that obviously includes pizza
truck stole EXO ball Pixar numbers only
to discover a very huge twist at the end
of the road oh yeah that twist is that
dela Cruz is a murderer the homie killed
Hector since he was the one who was ass
Whaley of the group had all the hooks
but he wanted to quit and go back to his
family so that like Cruz goes nope
Hector you're not going anywhere
the dude Princess Bride poisons him
takes his guitar and makes Bank off of
his tunes this of course means that
Miguel's true grandpa is this dude but
his great great grandpa is Hector who's
been with him the entire time dela Cruz
is still a thug in the afterlife so he
locks them up they eventually get
rescued by Miguel's family and Hector
reconciles with his wife proving that
even death doesn't do in part Pixar then
just takes that water news scene from
monsters ink and they pretty much just
have all the cameras pointed at dela
Cruz who for whatever reason can't hear
the reverb of what he's saying and he
admits all of his evilness to all the
people who now hate him Miguel goes back
fixes things in real life the afterlife
and proves that family always comes
first and that even when you doubt
someone and think that they're just a
deadbeats remember they could just be
dead thank you guys for checking out
this video as always that
let me know your comments down below in
the comment section any movies Easter
eggs that I'm working on as well music
TV shows that you want me to explain in
minutes let me know down below and I'll
try to get them as soon as possible
but until then catch you on the next
time when I talk about another movie
also dealing with death and birthdays